Top of the mornin', Senpai.
H-Hey.
M-Morning, Nagatoro.
Wait a second...
Her first name...
Hayase-chan!
I brought your album!
Kazehaya Elementary School
Let's go through it with
Senpai-kun, Hayase-chan!
Morning, Hayase.
No, no, no!
That's way too creepy.
Don't get ahead of yourself.
M-Morning, Nagatoro.
Senpai...
You're already creepy this early in the morning.
Shut up.
Hey...
Senpai...
Wh-Wh-What?!
Look at you getting all flustered!
Is your heart racing?
Pupupu!
N-N-Not really.
See? Look!
Top things girls do that get a guy's heart racing!!
I read this online yesterday.
"Top things girls do that
get a guy's heart racing."
Number three:
Swishing hair.
Number two:
Looking up at you.
And number one:
Tugging on your sleeve.
Y-You shouldn't take what you
read online too seriously.
Oh, come on, you were
totally flustered just now.
You're so obvious, Senpai.
I'm not flustered.
You just surprised me because
you tugged at me out of nowhere.
See?
You're flustered.
I'm not.
It had me flustered at first,
but now it's just annoying.
I know!
What if I grabbed her sleeve instead?
I could slow her down!
Look at you two, so early in the morning.
They're at it again.
They are.
No!
I was just...
Just...?
Sleeve lifting and pulling hip throw!
I was just practicing judo moves on Senpai!
No one's buying that.
No way.
Nopers.
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
So This Is Your Room, Huh, Senpai?
Uh-oh...
I think I have a cold.
Oh, dear.
That's not good.
I have a business trip today.
Well, what can you do?
I'll cancel it.
It's fine.
I'm not a kid.
I don't know.
It's just a cough.
It's no big deal.
Are you sure?
Sorry.
I'll be home as soon as I can.
It's fine.
Okay, see you.
Art Room
Bored...
Senpai, where are you?
Why aren't you in the club room?
Have you escaped?
Fled overseas?
Hiding in a suitcase?
Why aren't you in the club room?
Have you escaped?
Fled overseas?
Hiding in a suitcase?
Nagatoro!
She must be frustrated because
she has no one to toy with.
I kinda caught a cold,
so I stayed home.
For real?!
I kinda caught a cold,
so I stayed home.
For real?!
For real.
Calling
Nagatoro
Yes? Hello?
Senpai!
You're so loud.
Oh, sorry.
So, uh...
Are you all right?
Y-Yeah.
It's not a big deal.
Just a slight cough.
Yeah?
Senpai...
Hm?
Uh...
Sorry.
I gave you my cold.
It's not your fault.
Senpai!
Sorry, I can't stop coughing.
I'm sorry, Senpai.
You should go to bed.
You'll get in trouble if your parents
see you awake with a cold, after all.
N-No.
My mom's at work.
What?! You're home alone?
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
It's not a big deal.
Bye.
I'm not sleepy, but I guess I'll lie down.
The doorbell...
It's hard to get up.
It stopped.
Guess they're gone.
'Sup, Senpai?
Uh... um...
Wh-What?
Oh, I just thought you might
be conked out from your cold.
S-So you came to check up on me?
I think you've got the wrong idea!
You're a lanky bean sprout.
You have zero stamina.
I asked the bunny ears lady where you lived,
and I rang the doorbell, but no one answered.
So I thought you might
have legit passed out,
so I had no choice but to come in.
No, it's just a cold.
I guess I'm in no position to speak.
Wh-Why don't you come in, I guess?
'Kay, thanks for having me.
Actually, wait!
Why?!
I mean, I don't want you to catch my cold.
Don't worry about that.
You probably got it from me to begin with.
I have a sort of immunity
to the Senpai virus.
Your bean sprout virus is no match for me!
Okay, I'm coming in!
Uh-huh...
Senpai!
Your cold's going to get worse
if you sleep on the sofa!
True.
I'm starting to feel really sick.
You'd better go sleep in bed.
Y-Yeah...
Where's your room?
Upstairs.
Gotcha.
And where are the stairs?
This way?
Y-You don't need to shove.
Just go!
This is turning into a situation.
Huh...
So this is your room, huh, Senpai?
Nagatoro's in my room...
This feels kinda weird.
You keep it surprisingly tidy in here.
But you're hiding your pervy books
somewhere in here, aren't you?
Per—!
Sh-Shoot!
I shouldn't have let her in!
I-I don't have such books.
Under the bed.
In the drawers.
Back of the shelves!
Under here!
S-Stop it!
Whoa, Senpai!
Sorry, Senpai.
Come on, you should go to bed.
I won't go through your stuff today.
"Today"?
Just go!
Hurry up.
Th...
Thanks.
Senpai, do you have a thermometer?
I don't... remember where...
Senpai, never mind the thermometer.
Yup, you have a pretty bad fever, Senpai.
Your face is beet red, Senpai!
DON'T TOY WITH ME,
MISS NAGATORO
I'm getting woozy.
The ceiling's moving.
So hot...
So cool...
Nagatoro.
I thought about using the sticky things,
but I figured this is still the way to go.
I do this when I get a cold, too.
How is it?
Y-Yeah...
It feels good, I think.
No, like I said, he has a cold.
Huh? Y-Yeah.
Yes, my senpai.
No, it's not like that.
Whatever.
Bye.
Sorry about this.
I-It's fine, really.
I-I don't mind, but when is
your family getting home?
I'll check...
Sorry
I won't be home
until pretty late
How are you feeling?
Seems she's getting home late.
Seriously?
Senpai, do you have an appetite?
A bit.
I haven't eaten all day.
Okay, I'll make you something.
N-No, you don't have to do that.
It's getting late.
You can go home now.
Don't be so polite.
You don't get to be like that, Senpai.
I'll treat you to my
favorite extra spicy dish.
Nah, I'm just kidding.
I'll make something you can eat,
even when you're as sick and limp as you are.
Okay, I'm borrowing your kitchen.
Wait, I might have to do some shopping.
Stay put for a while, Senpai.
Hey, wait...
I'm so dizzy.
Everything's a daze.
Like I'm in a dream.
Well? You do have a fever, don't you?
Yeah.
Just take the day off from
work and get some rest.
I'll do that.
I'll be okay on my own.
You have a meeting today, don't you?
Don't worry about that.
I have plenty of paid leave.
What's this?
You should depend on your
wife for once, you know.
What a creepy dream, even coming from me.
Here, Senpai, I made you some congee.
O-Okay.
Here, say, "Ahh."
How does it taste?
Delicious.
Right?
You'd better be thankful for your cute wife.
Yeah.
Thanks, Hayase.
Hm? What was that?
What was that?
Nuts.
What did you say just now?
Say it again, please.
If you're just playing dead...
Maybe I'll kiss you.
Are you okay with that?
Are you okay with that, Senpai?
I'm home.
Sorry I'm home so late.
How are you doing?
I feel lighter.
I think my cold's better.
Morning.
Oh, morning.
Are you all better?
Yeah.
Thank goodness.
Sorry about yesterday.
I got home really late.
You were already asleep,
so I didn't want to wake you up.
I said I'd be fine.
It was just a slight fever.
Really?
By the way...
Who was that cute girl?
C-Cute girl?
Y'know, the one who was over yesterday.
I'm home.
Oh, my, are you a friend?
Th-Thanks for having me.
I, er, heard he had a cold, so...
Oh, thank you very much.
N-No, it's nothing.
I should get going.
B-Bye.
I really appreciate it.
I'll give you a ride home,
since it's late now.
No, I'll be all right.
I live pretty close.
Pardon me.
So, who is she?
No, she's just...
Is she your girlfriend?
No!
No.
She's just one of my juniors.
Man...
I know I was loopy because of the cold,
but that was a creepy dream.
Thanks, Hayase.
How much...
Reality
Dream
How much of that was a dream?
M-Morning.
Good morning.
Are you feeling better?
Y-Yeah.
Thanks for everything yesterday.
You were a real help.
It's fine.
I owed you, anyway.
That was...
A dream?
It was a dream.
Anyway, now that you're better...
I'm getting back at you
for all your jackassery!
Take that!
You stupid Senpai!
Stop!
Look at you two, so early in the morning.
They're at it again.
They are.
No, I was putting my foot down...
You were putting your foot down...
Lifting pulling ankle block!
I told you, I'm just practicing
judo moves on Senpai!
Right, Senpai?
Urg...
No one's buying that.
No way.
Nopers.
Points of improvement for today!
What were you fantasizing about
in your fever dreams, Senpai?
You called me by my first name.
I w-wasn't fantasizing or anything.
Okay, say it again, then.
I don't think you can.
All right...
Haya...
Sorry.
...se.